I go to my house I will not go out with
karina I do not go out with the players
what happened in the house, precisely me
VICTOR The truth is that I have a little
scared to talk because I know everything
absolutely everything about what happened in
that department of Gary Medel and I know that
many footballers to one in particular
you will not like what happened here
the hinge I was the tread foot could
face if at any time I
I transformed into sheets
look what he is trying to be of
series if you want had an affair with a
girl inside her apartment and that
girl belongs to another partner
of the selection
ok even if the storm luso víctor
I bring pictures of that world in situation
intimate with that football and the photos that
can carry photos that I passed him
a few seconds to my editor who hit the
shouted in heaven when he saw her but that
is analyzing if I can show
at least it 's clogged because she
appears totally naked as the
consult and that little girl is true in
that is married to another soccer player
I wake up alive because that's what it's like
is married to a soccer player the people
married to another footballer very recently
of this with this footballer finish a
relationship a week ago marriage
knowing with Mr. Gary Medel from
put details of the details so that
you realize
rosemary and said no I'm going to my house
as it occurs to them I have to go and
then we see her entering the
Department of Gary Medel in that
shop was rosemary gary medel
was francisco santi uncertain this
friend of the farandulera was with his
friend linda olivares also no other
footballer and other friends took for
example thinks that is what they took
he stayed here they told me that he won from delta
was my little brother and so every
one had to come with his assignment to
the party because there was little thing to
take it like I did not want to open it
I just wanted to laugh they took the drink
that I do not know that they tell me that a
I swallow like the reggaeton
they called there
a drink that is very fashionable that is
well the reggaeton and I asked them hey
as a typical kid and ate subtle
I had some rich little thing to carry the
bell may be that it is a forest
sparkling 37 thousand pesos
37 thousand pesos say that little brother of
bus
I invite to my case you understood me that
hopefully I would buy them from the uk kim
jong-il
Gary Medel something to eat will have them
some of his some chalk and a person who
it was index nothing gary medel did not have
nothing the only thing he wanted was to eat
although the rise they were because
finally gary nabel has to have
food in your house so you have to celebrate
him but a good host little know I
If you I invite you to my house I have a
south
there is something that has been improvised
spontaneous party of 20 we go for the
home and reggaeton was for everyone
sides
finally see him who made a great
performance we have